Add Land-Use Change section to land.md (#839)
ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs: documentation/docs/pages/inputs/land.md

### Vegetation distribution

## Land-Use Change

> Land cover netCDF input expects the data variable name to be 'fraction' and have dimension labels (time, latitude, longitude, vegtype).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The land use change dataset describes how the CABLE surface fractions change over time. The netCDF input expects the data variable name to be 'fraction' and have dimension labels `(time, latitude, longitude, vegtype)`.
```

Does the time axis need anything special? Does it work as long as the years on the time axis are accurate?

> Land thinning netCDF input expects the data variable name to be 'fraction' and have dimension labels (time, latitude, longitude, vegtype).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wood thinning describes what percentage of the vegetation on each surface type is harvested each year. The netCDF input expects the data variable name to be 'fraction' and have dimension labels `(time, latitude, longitude, vegtype)`.
```

Author: The wood thinning value should be the fraction (not percentage) of the vegetation on each surface type that remains each year following harvest
